---
title: The project 
---

In this blog I will start documenting the path to create my **startup**.
It will be most likely software related, but I don't want to limit myself.

# Passion and interests

My passion, not the only one, is writing **good software**. And a software to be
good need also to be valuable. This means that it should bring to the user a real 
value improving their life, also in small ways.

I consider myself still a novice, and I want to keep this attitude during all
the process. But I gained some experience during the last years that could help
me in writing code for my projects.

# Connections

I hope also, to make connections during this time. I want to 
**meet people** that share similar or totally different ideas, that are 
interested in my projects or they are running their own. Or everyone else that 
want to interact with me. I'm workin alone at the moment.

So you can simply drop me an email or find me on socials.

(If you're a recruiter, don't waste your time. If I'm looking for a job means
that this project has failed.)

# Find peace and wonder

It's a sensation in me that I developed some years ago. I really need to do
something more valuable with my life than sitting in my office desk writing code 
for small features that will be replaced in a few years. I want to work on my 
**own project**. I want to fulfill that sense of accomplishment that derive from 
"doing what you like". I like writing software, so that is what I can bring as a
personal creation to the society.

# Respectful

I want to create something that would made me proud of it. And I want to make it
successful not only to deliver a value, but also to **be respectful**. Doesn't
matter what idea I would pursue. It's not worth it if violates this principles.

Respect is for the nature that we are part of, respect for the other people, not
abusing them, not stole their property, not violate their privacy. Users are not
products and natural resources are not a human commodity.

# Transparency

I want to **be transparent** with the readers. So no crap, advertisement or fake
stuff will ever go on this website. I want to present what is really happening
time by time and be as open as possible. All maintaining a respect for my
personal privacy. I don't need and don't want to be "popular".

# How

I will work on a **series of projects** during the course of **this year**. 
Different projects just to see if one of those ideas is valuable and keeps me 
interested. Something similar has [already been done](https://levels.io/12-startups-12-months/).

I will try to detail most of the choices that I will do and problems that I
encounter. I will try to make a journal of this experience and make it fun.

So I won't take the things too seriously but at the same time put the best of me
to succeed.

Starting today in my **extra time** for the moment. The first step is to find 
the first valuable idea that is able to sustain my basic income.
